Feature/1042 add and to tags (#1250)
utPLSQL/utPLSQL: docs/userguide/running-unit-tests.md

In addition to the path, you can filter the tests to be run by specifying tags. Tags are defined in the test / context / suite with the `--%tags`-annotation ([Read more](annotations.md#tags)).  
Multiple tags are separated by comma. 

### Tag Expressions

Tag expressions are boolean expressions with the operators !, & and |. In addition, ( and ) can be used to adjust for operator precedence.

| Operator | Meaning |
| -------- | --------|
| !        | not     |
| &        | and     |
| \|        | or      |

If you are tagging your tests across multiple dimensions, tag expressions help you to select which tests to execute. When tagging by test type (e.g., micro, integration, end-to-end) and feature (e.g., product, catalog, shipping), the following tag expressions can be useful.

| Tag Expression | Selection |
| -------- | --------|
| product        | all tests for product     |
| catalog \| shipping        | all tests for catalog plus all tests for shipping     |
| catalog & shipping       | all tests for the intersection between catalog and shipping     |

> | product & !end-to-end | all tests for product, but not the end-to-end tests |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| product & !end-to-end | all tests tagged `product`, except the tests tagged `end-to-end` |
```

> | (micro \| integration) & (product \| shipping) | all micro or integration tests for product or shipping |

Author: That's correct. I will create some table there.

> Execution of the test is done by using the parameter `a_tags` with tag expressions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execution of the test with tag expressions is done using the parameter `a_tags` 
```

```sql linenums="1"

> select * from table(ut.run(a_tags => 'fast|!complex'));

Reviewer: Exclusion by tags is described in separate section below.

```

> The above call will execute all tests from `ut_sample_test` package as the whole suite is tagged with `api` because a suite meet expression condition.

Reviewer: this line seems incorrect or some more context information is missing.
There is no mention of `ut_sample_test` in the `select * from table...` above. There is not tag `api` above too.

```sql linenums="1"
select * from table(ut.run(a_path => 'ut_sample_test',a_tags => 'api'));
```
The above call will execute all tests from `ut_sample_test` package as the whole suite is tagged with `api`

```sql linenums="1"
select * from table(ut.run(a_tags => 'complex'));
```

> The above call will execute only the `ut_sample_test.ut_refcursors1` test, as only the test `ut_refcursors1` is tagged with `complex`

Reviewer: `ut_sample_test.ut_refcursors1` is not mentioned anywhere in lines above.
Seems like something is missing in this document?

```sql linenums="1"
select * from table(ut.run(a_tags => 'fast'));
```
The above call will execute both `ut_sample_test.ut_refcursors1` and `ut_sample_test.ut_test` tests, as both tests are tagged with `fast`

### Excluding tests/suites by tags

It is possible to exclude parts of test suites with tags.
In order to do so, prefix the tag name to exclude with a `!` (exclamation) sign when invoking the test run which is equivalent of `-` (dash) in legacy notation.
Examples (based on above sample test suite)

```sql linenums="1"

> select * from table(ut.run(a_tags => '(api|fast)&!complex'));

Reviewer: I wonder (and maybe it is worth mentioning in documentation).
What will be the outcome of:
`a_tags => 'api|fast|!complex'`
Is it actually the same as `a_tags => '!complex'`??

Author: Yes sir logically it is :)  I don't think we need to go to that level of details. Explaining the logic behind the operators is almost well known in programming and sounds like beyond of scope.

```

which is equivalent of legacy calling:

```sql linenums="1"
select * from table(ut.run(a_tags => 'api,fast,-complex'));

> ```

Reviewer: I'm not sure if we need to mention this.

or 

```sql linenums="1"

> select * from table(ut.run(a_tags => '(api|fast)&(!complex&!test1)'));

Reviewer: `select * from table(ut.run(a_tags => '(api|fast)&(!complex&!test1)'));`
Would it be the same as:
select * from table(ut.run(a_tags => '(api|fast)&!complex&!test1'));

Author: Yes sir it would be :) Given the precedence priority.

```

which is equivalent of legacy calling:

```sql linenums="1"
select * from table(ut.run(a_tags => 'api,fast,-complex,-test1'));

> ```

Reviewer: Not needed?

> The above call will execute all suites/contexts/tests that are marked with any of tags `api` or `fast` except those suites/contexts/tests that are marked as `complex`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above call will execute all suites/contexts/tests that are marked with any of tags `api` or `fast` except those suites/contexts/tests that are marked as `complex` and except those suites/contexts/tests that are marked as `test1`.  
```

Tag expressions are boolean expressions created by combining tags with the `!`, `&`, `|` operators. Tag expressions can be grouped using `(` and `)` braces. Grouping tag expressions affects operator precedence.

> Two special expressions are supported, `any` and `none`, which select all tests with any tags at all, and all tests without any tags, respectively. These special expressions may be combined with other expressions just like normal tags. When using `none` be aware that if the suite is tagged it will exclude any tests and children belonging to that suite.

Reviewer: Two reserved keywords, `any` and `none`, can be used when creating a tag expression to run tests. 
- `any` keyword represents tests and suites with any tags 
- `none` keyword represents tests and suites without tags

These keywords may be combined with regular tags.

!!! note
    When specifying `none`, be aware that it will exclude any tests/suites/contexts contained within a tagged suite.

Reviewer: The mkdocs that we use to generate html documentation will interpret the below lines as a special "note" block 
```
!!! note
    When specifying `none`, be aware that it will exclude any tests/suites/contexts contained within a tagged suite.
```

We will get a nice, more visible Note indicators
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1398171/234957632-fc461e32-3de7-4f50-86e9-31cfd736685e.png)

Author: Ahh didnt realize. updated.

select * from table(ut.run(a_tags => '(api|fast)&!complex'));
```

or 

```sql linenums="1"

> select * from table(ut.run(a_tags => '(api|fast)&!complex&!test1'));

Reviewer: Is the negation supported on groups?
so that one could use `(api|test)&!(complex|test1)` instead of `(api|test)&!complex&!test1` ?

I think it is worth mentioning in documentation if they are supported or not.

Author: It is supported. All is happening it will add not before sql part.

Author: I will update documentation for this.
